[SDTEST-694] Update Intelligent Test Runner docs (#25214)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/intelligent_test_runner/_index.md

- You can mark certain files in your repository as [tracked files](#tracked-files), which causes all tests to run whenever these files are changed. Dockerfiles, Makefiles, dependency files, and other build configuration files are good candidates for tracked files.
- You can mark certain tests in your source as unskippable to ensure they are always run. This is a good fit for data-driven tests or tests that interact with external systems. More information in the [setup page][3].
- If you are authoring a risky commit and you'd like to run all tests, add `ITR:NoSkip` (case insensitive) anywhere in your Git commit message.

> - If GitHub is your source code management provider, you can label your pull requests with the `ITR:NoSkip` label (case insensitive). This label will prevent tests from being skipped in pull requests. To use this feature, you must configure the GitHub App using the [GitHub integration tile][9] with the `Software Delivery: Collect Pull Request Information` feature enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If GitHub is your source code management provider, use the `ITR:NoSkip` label (case insensitive) to prevent Intelligent Test Runner from skipping tests in pull requests. To use this feature, configure the GitHub App using the [GitHub integration tile][9] with the `Software Delivery: Collect Pull Request Information` feature enabled.
```

[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/settings/test-service
[6]: https://git-scm.com/
[7]: https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/test-runs

> [8]: https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/30941/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[8]: https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/30941/ci-visibility-intelligent-test-runner
```

[9]: /integrations/github/

> ci-visibility-intelligent-test-runner

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed. Thanks
